Here's some interim notes to get you started:

You can get KLH-10 sources and PDP-10 tapes from trailing-edge.com.
The main benefit of this distribution that I've build a complete plug
and play Panda system for Linux with lots of other goodies, and you
don't have to install tapes and do bugfixes.

Make sure that you have about 600MB free in order to unpack the
distribution.

After you unpack the distribution, you will have to edit klt20.ini
right away to change the IP address from 10.0.0.51 to the IP address
which you will assign to your TOPS-20 system.  This must be a
different IP address than the host Linux system.

If you have a Panda display panel (from Spare Time Gizmos,
http://www.sparetimegizmos.com) this distribution supports display on
the lights.  The file PandaDisplay.jpg is an image that you can print
and affix to your Panda display.

The high order 3 bits of the LED bar (Aux lights) are used to show the
approximate system load vs. idle time as a value from 0 (system idle)
to 7 (system busy).  The low order 36 bits show the traditional PDP-10
lights (and yes, the LITES% and SWTCH% jsi work, as do the TOPS-10
LIGHTS and SWITCH UUOs).  The 4 status lights show a CPU heartbeat in
the upper left (updated as long as the scheduler is running), disk activity
in the upper right, tape activity in the lower left, and network activity
in the lower right.  The activity lights reflect activity in the previous
interval of the heartbeat.

The following instructions assume some minimal level of familiarity with
TOPS-20.  If you have no experience with TOPS-20 at all, I strongly
recommend that you get ahold of (at a minimum) the TOPS-20 Commands
Reference Manual and the TOPS-20 User's Guide.  Although the learning
curve for TOPS-20 isn't quite a steep as it is for UNIX, there still
are some things that are very helpful to know.

Once you do this, then run the klt20 script.  Presently, it will say
"Ready to GO" and you just type GO.  You should then get a BOOT>
prompt as normal.

Start the system standalone at first:
	BOOT>/e
	dbugsw/ 2
	147$g
since you have some config stuff to do.  Note that the "$" in 147$g is
entered by hitting the ESC key (that is, 1 4 7 ESC g) and not the dollar
sign.  ESC g is the command to the EDDT debugger to jump to a specified
memory address, and 147 is the normal start address for TOPS-20.

When the system startup is finished, do CTRL/C and log in as user
OPERATOR, password DEC-20.  Then connect to <system>
	@log operator dec-20
	@enable
	!terminal vt100

You'll need to edit the following files.  EMACS is installed on this system,
along with TECO and EDIT.  The format of most of these files should be
obvious, but if you aren't sure please ask questions:

SYSTEM:7-1-CONFIG.CMD		to set your timezone
SYSTEM:HOSTS.TXT		to define your local host name and network
SYSTEM:INTERNET.ADDRESS		to define (again!) your IP address -- must
				 be the same as in klt20.ini.  Also define
				 your netmask here as LOGICAL-HOST-MASK
SYSTEM:INTERNET.GATEWAYS	to define your IP gateway
SYSTEM:MONNAM.TXT		to define your system name
DOMAIN:RESOLV.CONFIG		to define your DNS servers, your default
				 domain (replacing MYDOMAIN.COM) and any
				 users in addition to OPERATOR who can
				 send control messages to the resolver.

Don't bother with SYSTEM:INTERNET.NAMESERVERS.  That is the configuration
file for DEC's resolver; although it's simpler it has some interoperability
problems with MMAILR which haven't been resolved yet.

Create yourself an account too while you're at it.  Don't forget to
give it WHEEL.  If you don't know how to do this, get ahold of a TOPS-20
Commands Reference Manual and look up the BUILD command, or look up a
TOPS-20 System Manager's Reference Manual and look up the ^E CREATE command.

You may also want to run FINGER:DBEDIT and define your personal name.

Now that you've done all that, shut the system down with CTRL/E CEASE
NOW, wait for it to say "Shutdown complete", then do CTRL-\ SHUT
followed by CTRL-\ QUIT

Now you're ready to try a production run.  You should be able to
figure out how to boot it now.  If all goes well, and you've put in
all the data correctly, you'll have a system up on the Internet.
